Discussion week 1 - 23/09/2025: 

We discussed that the leadership role will alternate each week. 
We will meet on the 24th at 13:00.
We did not discuss who was doing what as most of our members werent here. 
We had a follow up meeting on Friday the 26th where the rest of the memers met up and we discussed who was doing which user type.
We reached out to the rest of the group(The two that were missing) and arranged the meeting tomorrow.

Decided that each member will create a document for their user type coptaining the functional requirements which we will then convine next week, compare and optimize each one for the individual sections.
User types:
Jayden - Cloudshop service
Arian - Cloudshop Customer
Ted - TBD next week
Kai - TBD next week

What we did:

We created the group repositories.
Created snapchat group
Created individual Repositories.
Read through the Initial statement of  requirements.
We discovered how to create files on Git hub 
Add files
Continued discussion on the 26th: Finalized some of the above details and chose who's doing what.

Meeting agenda - 30/09/2025:

Ideally everyone in the group has created a document for the functional requirement. We will then compare, discuss and improve our individual one from there. - Just start and get something down on a document.
From that point, we would like to finalize further dates outside of practicals in order to meet up and progress. 






